== Welcome to Kynetx AppBuilder

== Request Oauth Tokens
Send an email to oss [at] kynetx [dot] com to request your Oauth Consumer Key and Secret.  We will send you an appbuilder.yml file that you can drop into the RAILS_ROOT/config directory that will have development and production keys. When sending the email please include the following for both your production and test/development environments:

1. Name of your application
2. URL of your application
3. Callback URL. (This is the url in your application that the user will be sent to after they have allowed access)
4. Support URL (optional)
 
== Installation
Make sure you have Rails 2.3.5 installed with Ruby 1.8.7.  Copy the code down and run the Rails webserver of your choice. Next, update your config/database.yml file to match your environment. AppBuilder uses a very small table for user management and oauth tokens. Finally, run a rake db:migrate to create the database.

== Contributing
Please feel free to fork the code and make your contributions. We will watch the Fork Queue and bring in the changes.


== License
The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2010 Kynetx Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
